Updates to Spack in standard Nextflow (#3786)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/spack.rst

The usual Spack package syntax and naming conventions can be used. The version of a package can be
specified after the package name as shown here ``bwa@0.7.15``.

> Spack is able to guess the local CPU microarchitetcture and optimise the build accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spack is able to infer the local CPU microarchitecture and optimise the build accordingly.
```
